doc: Added known-issue related to Matter GlobalSceneControl (#13672)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2

> KRKNWK-18371: The GlobalSceneControl attribute from OnOff cluster does not change in a way compatible with the Matter specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-18371: The GlobalSceneControl attribute from the OnOff cluster does not change in a way compatible with the Matter specification
```

>   The GlobalSceneControl attribute from OnOff cluster is not set to ``false`` after receiving ``OffWithEffect`` command, which is not compatible with the Matter specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The GlobalSceneControl attribute from the OnOff cluster is not set to ``false`` after receiving the ``OffWithEffect`` command.
  This behavior is not compatible with the Matter specification.
```

>   The GlobalSceneControl attribute from the OnOff cluster is not set to ``false`` after receiving the ``OffWithEffect`` command, which is not compatible with the Matter specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The GlobalSceneControl attribute from the OnOff cluster is not set to ``false`` after receiving the ``OffWithEffect`` command.
  This behavior is not compatible with the Matter specification.
```

>   **Workaround:** Manuall cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix to ``sdk-connectedhomeip`` (commit hash: ``836390ed636ca36126dbcbe763d0f127626cba8d``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix to ``sdk-connectedhomeip`` (commit hash: ``836390ed636ca36126dbcbe763d0f127626cba8d``).
```
